Once you are out of the Facebook pixel to your Web site you're going to want to start taking advantage
of it straight away and you can do that by setting up a custom audience based off of the people who
have visited your web site.
And this is often known as retargeting or remarketing and a really good use case is to target people
who have maybe added item to the shopping cart but not reached the checkout page.
And so you can put an ad in front of them and get them give them an offer again a coupon to really finish
that check.
Now you probably would have never had an e-mail address for them see can do it by e-mail.
So with Facebook ads and this custom web site audience you can really enable that.
Now there's tons of more use cases.
But let's kick it off and really show you how to get this set up.
So what you want to do to get started is come into Facebook Ads manager come up to the top left hand
side here and click on audiences.
Now once this page loads up what you want to do is really click on the button here to create an audience.
And we're really creating a custom audience now as you can see.
You can create a custom audience from a number of different sources a customer file like an email list
Web site traffic.
Once you've got the Facebook pixel set up up activity once you've got the Facebook SDK installed which
is essentially the app equivalent of the Facebook pixel and you can create a custom audience from people
who have engaged on your Facebook page.
Right now we're going to create a custom audience from web site traffic.
Now here again you can see there are a number of different parameters that you can use to create this
custom audience right at the top here.
You can see that you can create a custom audience from anybody who's visited your web site.
And this is a great audience to have.
And you can promote blog posts this Orlean's get them to opt into something and give them your e-mail
address.
Sell products to them or get them to like your page.
Now as you can imagine targeting an audience of people who are already familiar with your web site and
watch your offering is going to be much better in terms of getting results because they're already aware
of who you are.
They are really at that second stage of the funnel.
So you could set up a custom audience just for anyone who visited your web site.
You can also go deeper though if you want and you can target people who visit specific web pages only.
So maybe people who reach a certain landing page if you've got a blog post on a particular topic and
you want to retarget those people with a new related blog post.
You can do that.
You can also come down again and target people who visited specific web pages but not others.
And this is an interesting use case.
Let's open up this example.
For example if you want to return to that example target people who have really maybe looked at products
in our store.
So while we are really doing here is including people in our audience who have visited any web page
that meets the following rules so the world contains store.
So for example this would be my site dot com forward slash store for ads slash product A B C D whatever
it is.
So they could have viewed any of the products in your store and you want to include them in your audience
know who you want to exclude is people who actually looked at the product in the store and then actually
went to the checkout.
So we know that the people who reached the checkout page only could have reached there because they
bought the product.
So we want to exclude those people from our audience if we are doing a campaign for abandonment.
Remarketing you can get more specific if you want and include a world that contains exactly maybe a
particular type of product and you can serve the ad back to them contain that product.
So there are tons of options there.
It really is going to depend on the specific goals that you have.
But you can recreate really targeted custom audiences based off your web traffic now for what.
Right and easiest place to probably get started is just create a custom audience that anybody who's
visited your web site you can see that you can set the parameters in terms of the number of days to
that for a smaller Web site.
Might want to make that bigger.
So I'm just going to move this to maybe 180 days and then you're going to put in the audience.
So all
visitors and then you just have to click Create audience here.
Now I can see that my audience is being created right now saying the audience is too small or what you
have to remember is that because I've just installed my Facebook pixel Facebook has only gathered up
those people who have meaning on my web sites since I've installed it they can go back in the past and
pull information out in the sky.
So it might take time for this audience to build up but once it does it's going to be extremely valuable.
So now that you know to set up a custom web site audience go ahead and set one up for yourself.
Following the same steps that you've learned in this video.